{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20040\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 1) You need to install VirtualBox \'97 this should be straight forward.\
	* Configure your VM with as much RAM and disk space as you find acceptable, without 	compromizing your host machine. I.e. with 8GB RAM on host, probably allocate only 2-3GB 	on your VM. You\'92ll need about 25 gigs for disk space (auto-extendable is a \'93good\'94 option).\
\
2) You then need to install the latest Ubuntu (v 18.x, desktop edition) on you freshly acquired Virtual (linux) machine. NB: do NOT(!) install updates from Ubuntu once you\'92re up and running. It might end up crashing on update. Follow the instructions here: \
\
Now you can go ahead and get the software, from your Ubuntu Desktop (use a \'91terminal\'92) running on your virtual machine. NB: do NOT(!) update/upgrade the pip3 installer (default version should be 9.0if notified \'97 it will mess up your entire setup.\
So do:\
	~$ sudo apt-get install git\
	~$ sudo apt-get install python3\
	~$ sudo apt-get install jupyter-notebook\
	~$ sudo pip3 install numpy\
	~$ sudo pip3 install scikit-learn\
	~$ sudo pip3 install scikit-image\
	~$ sudo pip3 install matplotlib\
	~$ sudo pip3 install keras\
	~$ sudo pip3 install tensorflow\
\
Now you should be able to run Jupyter Notebooks on your Ubuntu machine:\
	~$ jupyter notebook\
\
And you can fetch the deep dream notebook here: https://github.com/Jegp/keras_deepdream . Run that dreaming experiment. You may run out of memory since the image requires tensorflow to allocate a lot of RAM. If so, you can downsize the image (use python, to reshape the image before \'93dreaming\'94 it). Or you can give your virtual machine (in Virtual Box config) more RAM, but you don\'92t want to give it too much since that will freeze your host (your actual computer).\
}